When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
>>When I want to share my work woth other people, so that they can also use/update the files. It actually promotes the team work.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
>>Sometimes we might not to update the local repository with the work done by some other team mate and pushed into the remote.  Or we might be working on the branch and not want to pull data from the remote in between.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?
>>Fork is use to copy someone else's repository to your's.
Clone is to copy the code/files from ur github repository to ur local
machine.
Branches are we could say name given to a commit so tha we could access it in the future by name. For more info read lesson_2_reflections.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?
>> It helps us in keeping track of if we are in sync with the remote.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?
>>It would become very tedious to collaborate without using Git or 
Github. We have to then manually check for the changes made in the file 
and have to manually save each version of file seperately so that we can
use it later if required.
Surely Git and Githu has made our life easier.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
>>When we are working on some big changes or experimenting we would 
prefer to create a seperate branch. In a collaborative environment its
a good idea to make seperate branch if you are doing some big change 
to the exsisting code or experiminting with somr new functionality.
Benifits of making a different branch are already stated above while if
continue to make all the changes directely into the master branch then
the main advantage that I can see is mainly of easy code syncing.


